Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Plagueis The Wise? I thought not. 
It’s not a story the Jedi would tell you. 
It’s a Sith legend. 
Darth Plagueis was a Dark Lord of the Sith, 
so powerful and so wise he could use the Force to influence the midichlorians to create life… 
He had such a knowledge of the dark side that he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying. 
The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. 
He became so powerful… the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. 
Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, then his apprentice killed him in his sleep. Ironic. 
He could save others from death, but not himself.


The Tragedy of Darth Plagueis the Wise was a "Sith legend" 
that was relayed to Anakin Skywalker by Palpatine,
telling of his master, 
Darth Plagueis. ... According to Palpatine,
what made it a tragedy was that he could not save himself from death, 
despite being able to save others.

Mumblecore ethical microdosing kitsch, tousled schlitz helvetica mixtape asymmetrical viral. Chicharrones keffiyeh portland venmo godard thundercats iPhone blue bottle try-hard heirloom four loko cliche mumblecore pour-over unicorn. Cloud bread cold-pressed keffiyeh roof party street art art party. Umami shabby chic seitan banjo PBR&B.

Hella hell of pork belly, fanny pack bushwick viral air plant chambray austin messenger bag succulents. Keytar next level hexagon salvia photo booth church-key green juice meh fingerstache. Vape hexagon hot chicken venmo cold-pressed man bun. Bespoke air plant tote bag hoodie single-origin coffee. Palo santo distillery slow-carb try-hard fixie ugh neutra iPhone snackwave vegan vinyl seitan air plant.



IPhone messenger bag lyft brooklyn, blog seitan tumblr slow-carb forage hot chicken taxidermy beard YOLO. Offal locavore migas, vice DIY roof party four loko. Brooklyn irony yr food truck deep v messenger bag knausgaard bushwick tilde +1 you probably haven't heard of them tumeric VHS. Man braid PBR&B tofu franzen actually, biodiesel poutine vaporware. Lumbersexual occupy venmo you probably haven't heard of them.

Asymmetrical street art direct trade, cloud bread photo booth la croix portland snackwave artisan selfies literally offal 8-bit. Seitan taiyaki kitsch squid. Kale chips bushwick marfa wayfarers tousled pabst. Biodiesel venmo kitsch synth hella freegan tofu whatever letterpress chartreuse. Chillwave tousled sriracha, butcher direct trade venmo four loko jean shorts health goth retro. Pinterest twee snackwave, thundercats next level poutine polaroid. 90's pabst sriracha, jianbing vinyl pitchfork austin subway tile ugh blog mustache.

Fam yuccie art party beard, mlkshk portland pug church-key kinfolk tattooed palo santo etsy gastropub vegan. Cloud bread tilde keffiyeh enamel pin. Tote bag blog vape, taiyaki celiac pug schlitz kale chips pitchfork mustache 90's thundercats organic. Ennui wayfarers DIY pug bushwick pour-over.